
----------Stream Api Practice -------------
https://medium.com/@bhangalekunal2631996/java-stream-api-coding-interview-questions-and-answers-2a212505e1c6

1.Write a program to find the sum of all elements in a list using Java Stream API
2.write a program to find and print the maximum element using Java Stream API
3.Write a program to filter out all the even numbers from a list using Java Stream API
4.write a program to count the number of strings containing a specific character ‘a’ using Java Stream API.
5.Write a program to convert a list of strings to uppercase using Java Stream API.
6.write a program to calculate the average of all the numbers using Java Stream API.
7.Write a program to sort a list of strings in alphabetical order using Java Stream API.
8.Given a list of strings, write a program to concatenate all the strings using Java Stream API.
9.Write a program to find the longest string in a list of strings using Java Stream API.
10.write a program to find and print the second largest number using Java Stream API.
11.Write a program to remove all the duplicate elements from a list using Java Stream API.
12.write a program to find and print the shortest string using Java Stream API.
13.Write a program to convert a list of integers to a list of their squares using Java Stream API.
14.write a program to find and print the strings starting with a specific prefix ‘a’ using Java Stream API.
15.Write a program to find the product of all elements in a list of integers using Java Stream API.
16.Write a program to find and print the prime numbers using Java Stream API.
17.Write a program to check if a list of strings contains a specific string using Java Stream API.
18.write a program to find and print the strings with length greater than a specified value 5 using Java Stream API.
19.Write a program to filter out all the elements divisible by 3 and 5 from a list of integers using Java Stream API.
20. write a program to find and print the strings with the maximum length using Java Stream API.




